Add example to CLI section of Add a new SSH key (#11633)
github/docs: content/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account.md

gh ssh-key add <em>key-file</em> --title "personal laptop"
```

> For example if you followed the previous section for [Generating a new SSH key](/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) you would write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you generated your SSH key by following the instructions in "[Generating a new SSH key](/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) you can add the key to your account with this command.
```
